Dear Mohammad,

Thank you for taking the time to discuss.

Kindly review and confirm the following information in order to proceed.

OPERATOR (Backend) Requirements:

List of Departments:
Provide the list of departments that need to be created in the system (e.g., HR, Finance, etc.).
For each department, specify the department head who will oversee that area.
Department Structure and Access Levels:
Department Head (Level 1):
There can be only one department head for each department.
The department head will have visibility and access to all requests related to their department. (The department head will have access to all requests assigned to operators within their department.)
Operators (Level 2):
Multiple operators can be assigned within each department.
Operators will only have access to the requests specifically assigned to them by the department head. (Operator will have access to requests which are assigned to them from workflow steps & incase they have some issue they can assign it to their supervisor)
Sub-Operators (Levels 3, 4, etc.):
Multiple sub-operators can exist at various levels within the hierarchy.
Sub-operators will only have visibility over the requests that are assigned to them by a higher-level user (e.g., an operator or department head). (Sub Operator will have access to requests which are assigned to them from workflow steps & incase they have some issue they can assign it to their supervisor)
Role Names:
Each department head, operator, and sub-operator should have a designated role name. (For department head Role name is fixed as Department head in system,  but operator should have designated role name )
This role name is primarily for labeling purposes and is only descriptive; it does not have any functional significance beyond identification within the system.
Workflow Operators:
For each workflow within the system, we need to identify the specific operator responsible for each step.
The designated operator will handle the assigned step within that workflow.
Requester (FRONT-END) Requirements:

You have created the following roles for requester who will submit requests through the system:

Business: This role will be assigned to subsidiaries (for example StaffCo, etc..), granting them access specific business services as applicants.
PSC: This role will be assigned to the PSC, granting them access to all business & individual services as applicants.
HR: This role will be assigned to the NEOM HR department, enabling them to access specific services as applicants.
Employee: This role will be assigned to individuals, allowing them to access services relevant to individuals as applicants.
Kind regards.

Bara’